PR for SRVLOGIC-300, SRVLOGIC-190, SRVLOGIC-188, SRVLOGIC-192: Document "Serverless Logic" parent directory for Openshift Serverless Logic docs. (#76490)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/serverless-logic-configuring-endpoint-url-openAPI-services.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="serverless-logic-configuring-endpoint-url-openAPI-services_{context}"]
= Configuring the endpoint URL of OpenAPI services

After accessing the function definitions in workflow states, you can configure the endpoint URL of OpenAPI services.

.Prerequisites

> * You have created a {ServerlessLogicProductName} project or have access to a project with the appropriate roles and permissions to create applications and other workloads in OpenShift Container Platform.

Author: In other sections and doc, we have used the word "have" so to ain't consistency I followed the same steps.
Ref: https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_openshift_serverless/1.32/html/installing_serverless/installing-knative-eventing#serverless-install-eventing-web-console_installing-knative-eventing
/

> * You have created your {ServerlessLogicProductName} project.

Author: In other sections and doc, we have used the word "have" so to maintain the consistency I followed the same steps.
Ref: https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_openshift_serverless/1.32/html/installing_serverless/installing-knative-eventing#serverless-install-eventing-web-console_installing-knative-eventing

* You have access to the OpenAPI specification files.
* You have defined the function definitions in the workflow.
* You have the access to the defined functions in the workflow states.

.Procedure

> . Locate the OpenAPI specification file you want to configure. For example, `subtraction.yaml`.

Author: Changed

> . Convert the file name into a valid configuration key by replacing special characters (like `.`) with underscores and converting to lowercase. For example, `subtraction.yaml` becomes `subtraction_yaml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Convert the file name into a valid configuration key by replacing special characters (such as `.`) with underscores and converting to lowercase. For example, `subtraction.yaml` becomes `subtraction_yaml`.
```

. To define the configuration key, use the sanitized file name as the REST client configuration key. Set this key as an environment variable as follows:
+

> [source,sh]

Reviewer 2: In what file does one place this line? I could not work this out.

Reviewer 2: If it is `application.properties` please clarify this

----
quarkus.rest-client.subtraction_yaml.url=http://myserver.com
----

> . To prevent hardcoding URLs in the `application.properties` file, use environment variable substitution as follows: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. To prevent hardcoding URLs in the `application.properties` file, use environment variable substitution, as shown in the following example: 
```

+
[source,sh]
----
quarkus.rest-client.subtraction_yaml.url=${SUBTRACTION_URL:http://myserver.com}
----
+ 

> In this example:

Reviewer 2: I usually use the other order, such as "`quarkus.rest-client.subtraction_yaml.url` is the configuration key", but I am not at all sure here

Author: Okay

* Configuration Key: `quarkus.rest-client.subtraction_yaml.url`
* Environment variable: SUBTRACTION_URL

> * Fallback URL: `http://myserver.com`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fallback URL: `\http://myserver.com`
```
Use the slash to deactivate the link. See https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#example-urls

Author: Helpful and fixed

> . Ensure that the environment variable `(SUBTRACTION_URL)` is set in your system or deployment environment. If the variable is not found, the application uses the fallback URL `(http://myserver.com)`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Ensure that the `(SUBTRACTION_URL)` environment variable is set in your system or deployment environment. If the variable is not found, the application uses the fallback URL `(http://myserver.com)`.
```
